We are all familiar with the challenges facing York
Road and in particular York Road's business community.
Blight,
vacant properties,
and absentee landlords who care only about profit rather
than leasing to tenants that would benefit the community.
Too many landlords along the quarter live outside of it,
some even outside of Baltimore or Maryland.
We are not in need of another smoke shop,
liquor store,
or Dollar Tree.
We deserve better,
and that is where Invest York Road comes in.
In our model,
there are no absentee landlords.
Rather,
the community act as stewards for the properties ensuring that
more small businesses,
ones run by our neighbors,
ones tailored to our needs and desires,
are able to open up.
Together,
we can add to the excellent community of businesses that already exist on York Road.
we can repair and repurpose vacant buildings and end blight.
Together,
we can truly make York Road yours.